we all know that Edinburgh is the
world's favorite festival city but you
may be surprised to learn just how many
festivals you can visit in Scotland's
inspiring capital Edinburgh is home to
such a variety of festivals that the
adventurous tourists can have a new
experience at every time
you
don't just take my word for it let's
turn to locals for their advice it's a
little bit of absolutely everything
something different around every corner
really is the element national festival
is the film festival the the fringe
festival with more than 400 venues all
around the city take summer on the map a
veteran go cuz you'll find something fun
you could find yourself here this is the
Signet library it's absolutely beautiful
and it's a pop-up venue during the
embryo festival so I think people
underestimate everything that goes on
during the Edinburgh Festival it's not
just about the French for example you
have the international book festival you
have the Jazz and Blues Festival the
film festival and the Edinburgh mellor
which celebrates cultures from all over
the world seek and you shall find you
can occupy yourself for 24 hours a day
and never be bored for a minute it's
extraordinary ation you could be looking
at opera one minute you were looking at
the military 22 of course the men comedy
science blues literature whole thing all
in one city the range of performances
let alone the different kinds of
festivals make this the most unmissable
must-see city in summer my first ever
experience of Edinburgh and it's
festivals was actually when I was here
at University where I threw myself into
everything that this incredible City had
to offer and I have so much fun memories
of everything from nights at the
pleasance indoors and outdoors watching
everything they had to offer to lying on
my back and princes street gardens
watching the fireworks cascade over
everybody underneath them to watch my
very first barley and which was just
absolutely gorgeous and hopefully it's
just the start of my memories of the
Edinburgh festivals
and Edinburgh festivals aren't just here
in the summer months we have a
storytelling festival in the autumn we
have the fabulous Edinburgh hogmanay at
new year and even a science festival in
the spring it's impossible to not find
something that you want to see right
here in Edinburgh all year round if the
festivals and themselves aren't enough
then you always have a great city with
its fashionable bars and cafes
award-winning restaurants world-class
shopping fabulous attractions and
breathtaking scenery why not visit
Edinburgh Festival this year with
something different around every corner
you may just surprise yourself